chore: documentation improvements (#139)
roadrunner-server/roadrunner-docs: docs/en/known-issues/stdout-crc.md

1. Check your application. All dependencies should send their messages to the `STDERR` instead of `STDOUT`. You may see the output after the `invalid message`. It might be shrunk on `windows`.
2. Check `dd` , `echo` inserted by you. PHP workers can redirect `echo` automatically from the `STDOUT` to `STDERR` but only after the worker is initialized fully.
3. Worker from the RRv1 was used. To update, see: [link](../integration/migration.md)

> 4. OPcache enabled with JIT, but some extensions doesn't support it, which leads to the warnings. Tune the `error_reporting` configuration option (use only errors): [issue](https://github.com/roadrunner-server/roadrunner/issues/1306)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. OPcache is enabled with JIT, but some extensions don't support it, which leads to the warnings. Tune the `error_reporting` configuration option (use only errors): [issue](https://github.com/roadrunner-server/roadrunner/issues/1306)
```
